🔐 Update dependencies to fix vulnerabilities (#96)
exasol/azure-blob-storage-document-files-virtual-schema: doc/changes/changes_3.0.0.md

# Virtual Schema for Document Data in Files on Azure Blob Storage 3.0.0, released 2026-05-08

Code name: Anonymous telemetry & fixed vulnerability CVE-2026-41417

## Summary

This release adds anonymous feature-usage telemetry via `telemetry-java`. See the [documentation](https://github.com/exasol/telemetry-java/blob/main/doc/app-user-guide.md) for details on collected data and opt-out behavior.

## Breaking Change

> Starting with this release, the Oracle Virtual Schema does not support Exasol versions 7.1 anymore. Only LTS version 2025.1.x and the current version are supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with this release, the Azure Blob Storage Virtual Schema does not support Exasol version 7.1 anymore. Only LTS version 2025.1.x and the current version are supported.
```
